Rewrite the 'PivotGrid - OLAP Data Source' description (#1052)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/PivotGrid/OLAPDataSource/description.md

> The [PivotGrid](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/PivotGrid) component supports OLAP services (MS SQL Server Analysis Services). This demo shows how to use a remote OLAP cube as the PivotGrid's data source.

Reviewer: - No reason for the PivotGrid link: the reader already sees the component in the demo.
- MS stands for Microsoft. We were told not to abbreviate this.

```suggestion
The PivotGrid component supports OLAP services (Microsoft SQL Server Analysis Services). This demo shows how to use a remote OLAP cube as the PivotGrid's data source.
```

> **Configure Store**

Reviewer: Use headings:

```suggestion
## Configure the Store
```

> To connect your component to an OLAP storage, use [XmlaStore](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/XmlaStore/) as an underlying store of the PivotGrid's [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#dataSource). Specify the following properties to configure the **XmlaStore**:    

Reviewer: I suggest moving the mention of PivotGrid's dataSource down to give more details.

```suggestion
To connect your component to an OLAP storage, use [XmlaStore](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/XmlaStore/). Specify the following properties to configure it:    
```

- [url](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/XmlaStore/Configuration/#url)        
The OLAP server's URL.

- [catalog](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/XmlaStore/Configuration/#catalog)        
The initial catalog that contains the OLAP cube.

> - [cube](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/XmlaStore/Configuration/#catalog)       

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [cube](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/XmlaStore/Configuration/#cube)       
```

The name of the OLAP cube to use from the catalog.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Pass the XmlaStore to the [store](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/store/) property of the [PivotGridDataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/) component. Assign the component to the PivotGrid's [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#dataSource) property.
```

> **Configure PivotGrid Fields**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure PivotGrid Fields
```

> Assign an array of objects to the [fields[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/) property. Each object in this array configures a single field. Fields can belong to different [areas](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#area). Add OLAP measures to the *"data"* area dimensions to the *"column"* and *"row"* areas. You can use OLAP dimensions to group and filter measure values from the *"data"* area. This demo shows how to use the [dataField](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#dataField) property to access the measures and specify ways to these measures in the OLAP storage. 

Reviewer: Fields are configured in the same way regardless of whether an OLAP cube or local array is used. I think we can copy the description from the Simple Array demo.

The PivotGrid component supports OLAP services (Microsoft SQL Server Analysis Services). This demo shows how to use a remote OLAP cube as the PivotGrid's data source.

## Configure the Store

> To connect your component to an OLAP storage, use [XmlaStore](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/XmlaStore/). Specify the following properties to configure it:    

Reviewer 2: [XmlaStore](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/XmlaStore/) My first question - is it a component? Why don't you name it as such? Yeah, I understand that you'll need to change the beginning of the sentence as well. For instance:

> To connect the PivotGrid to an OLAP storage, use the `XmlaStore` component.

Second question - Do the listed properties belong to the mentioned `XmlaStore`? Looks like they do, therefore, you need to show this connection clearer. The easiest way to do it is to include `XmlaStore` into property names as a path. For example:

> [XmlaStore.url](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/XmlaStore/Configuration/#url)

Third question. Do you always list properties like this? I mean that you start a list item with a property name followed by a sentence without punctuation. I would have enclosed text in brackets. However, if you always do like this, I have no objections.

Author: 1. Hello. We usually don't refer to the stores of different types as components. They are called just stores. 
2. Why use so much repetitions if these properties belong to the same store? We can show this connection as shown in [this demo](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/SelectBox/Overview/) instead.
3. Yes, this is a common way for us.

Reviewer 2: Alright, I see.
> We can show this connection as shown in this demo instead.

Looks like a good idea.

> To connect your component to an OLAP storage, use [XmlaStore](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/XmlaStore/). Specify the following properties to configure it:    

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use [XmlaStore](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/XmlaStore/) to connect your component to an OLAP storage. Specify the following properties to configure it:    
```

- [url](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/XmlaStore/Configuration/#url)        
The OLAP server's URL.

- [catalog](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/XmlaStore/Configuration/#catalog)        

> The initial catalog that contains the OLAP cube.

Reviewer 2: What do you mean by "initial"?

Author: I guess that we can remove this word. It really doesn't add anything to this sentence.

Reviewer 2: OK.
```suggestion
The catalog that contains the OLAP cube.
```

- [cube](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/XmlaStore/Configuration/#cube)       
The name of the OLAP cube to use from the catalog.

> Pass the XmlaStore to the [store](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/store/) property of the [PivotGridDataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/) component. Assign the component to the PivotGrid's [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#dataSource) property.

Reviewer 2: The verb "pass" looks strange to me when used with a property. You **pass** an object or value into a certain method as a parameter, for example. However, you do **assign** an object to a property. I believe you did this to avoid repetition in the second sentence, however, this is not a reason to use an inappropriate word. There are better ways to avoid repetition.

From what I gather, the described operation consists of two steps:
1. Assign a previously configured XmlaStore object to the `PivotGridDataSource.store` property.
2. Assign the `PivotGridDataSource` component to the PivotGrid component's `dataSource` property.

Author: Yes, the two steps you described are correct. How about the following: Assign the XmlaStore to the [store](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/store/) property of the [PivotGridDataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/) component. Then assign the **PivotGridDataSource** component to the PivotGrid's [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#dataSource) property.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, that would do indeed.

## Configure PivotGrid Fields       

> To display data in the PivotGrid, assign an array to the [fields[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/) property. Each object in this array configures a single pivot grid field. Assign a field name to the [dataField](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#dataField) property to populate the pivot grid field with data. You can distribute fields between four different areas: row, column, filter, and data. To specify the area, set the [area](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#area) property. Add measures to the *"data"* area and dimensions to other areas.
> 
> Fields that do not belong to any area are displayed in the [field chooser](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/PivotGrid/IntegratedFieldChooser/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To display data in the PivotGrid, assign an array to the [fields[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/) property. Each object in this array configures a single pivot grid field. Assign a field name to the [dataField](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#dataField) property to populate the pivot grid field with data. 

You can distribute fields between four different areas: row, column, filter, and data. To specify the area, set the [area](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#area) property. Add measures to the *"data"* area and dimensions to other areas. Fields that do not belong to any area are displayed in the [field chooser](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/PivotGrid/IntegratedFieldChooser/).
```
